1.	The advantages of Virtual Machines 
One of the main advantages of virtual machines are providing isolation so that programs have their own space and memory to run their own program. The article brings up the example that a possible occurrence could be two applications running on one machine where one could affect the process of the other. But if each application had its own virtual memory each one would be given its own CPU, disk, and memory and would run each program more efficiently. Another advantage are APIs and their ability can create, start, stop, modify, and destroy virtual machines along with virtual machine monitoring, which can partition virtual machines to different parts of the physical machine when another section of virtual memory is being upgraded. Lastly, they’re also very easy to create and destroy which can happen when the process is finished
2.	The advantages of containers
One of the main advantages of containers are that they can consume resources at the same fine-grained level as processes, making less wasteful than virtual machines. They’re also given a limit on bandwidth and memory, different from virtual machines which are given a certain amount that most often go unused. Containers that use Linux can assign a certain amount of disk cache to each container so a container’s buffer thrashing can’t affect another. The article also brings up another example that discusses how when each container has its own library instead of using a general library for all to use, there is less conflict and more fluidity when carrying out the process. It’s also more efficient when it’s being distributed when comparted to a software package because it includes the software and everything that is needed to run. Overall this method of software computing extends the lack of dependencies and conflicts, making it more efficient to be used
3.	When to use physical machines over virtual machines
Companies and various software users would want to use physical machines over virtual machines when running many applications because they won’t require the same CPU, bandwidth, and other forms of memory which will allow each application to run quickly. A container also runs fewer processes because it needs to run only the ones related to the software. Another downside of virtual machines are that they hold on to memory that is not being used, wasting storage that could be used towards another service or application. Their resources are shared in an unbounded manner which could cause a huge amount of network traffic and also affect other virtual machines.
4.  Microservices provide a cloud development resource that provides a more efficient way of providing services for many companies. Towards the end, the article highlights different forms of resource sharing through private and public clouds. In public clouds, a third-party user owns the infrastructure and allows customer to use it for their service. Even though it's all on the same machine, one program of a user does not interfere with the other. In private clouds, a company uses its own infrastructure and provides it to sectors of their company. 
    Public clouds are normally available at a low cost for users to purchase and provide maintenance by the service provider. In terms of scalability, it is very close to being unlimited and have lot of servers that are more likely to not have an outage or fail to any capacity. Private clouds are more flexible in meeting business needs and have higher levels of controls and privacy due to it not being shared with anybody. They’re also more scalable than on premise infrastructures. On hybrid clouds, organizations can maintain a private infrastructure for sensitive assets or workloads that require low latency.
